there is a very special circus that runs
the world and that gives the opportunity to
guys to get involved and to
become protagonists and led by 3 ar
these special a clairvoyant
alternative but and future only read it
the charlatans
the future is built I read the
past and present to build the
future
a hysterical magician fired only
shoot days I talk soon because
I'm here and an unlikely manager
housekeeping who dreams of becoming one
star
I am a giver of purpose look
little girl walks walking walks
sleeping their circus travels the world
and when three bold people arrive in a city
guys come out to bring everyone
the announcement of the circus I am never a
the acrobat I am luxuries and o fire-breathing
I am Augustine together we are needle e
flush with their sun tower they give back
hope and fight Kabu wickedness
this time he can't jump
all together to find the beauty that
each of us has within himself and one
once found screaming all together tent
because a lit spirit is not
hidden away
no